Add documentation to modin/pandas/base.py (#3000)
modin-project/modin: docs/flow/modin/pandas/base.rst

BasePandasDataset
"""""""""""""""""

> The class is base for Modin ``DataFrame`` and ``Series`` classes and implements functionality that is common to both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The class implements functionality that is common to Modin's pandas API for both ``DataFrame`` and ``Series`` classes.
```

> ``DataFrame`` and ``Series`` of corresponding pandas API types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
